# Hello world ruanys
Introduce yourself: I have been at Citi as a quantitative strategist for two years, where I have done developed quantitative strategies and portfolio analysis for our clients, and I also worked on options volatility surface fitting. I have a solid understanding of the market as well as strong technical background in mathematics and programming. I already passed all three levels of CFA. Before joining citi, I have a master’s degree in financial engineering from Georgia Tech.

Because I think the role in XXX is more exciting, I can apply my understanding to markets and technical skills directly to money management. I also think that my background is a good fit for this role: I had experiences in credit strategy as well as options volatility surface fitting, which makes me understand the work better. 




Forecast business growth generated by ads on Google’s internal properties.
Develop analyses/tools to track business growth for Google’s properties to better understand the drivers of that business growth.
Partner with leaders in engineering and product organizations to understand and shape technical drivers of business growth performance.
Partner with leaders in sales organization to understand drivers of business growth and identify business opportunities.
Provide executive management with clear insights into drivers of business growth, risks, and opportunities.

Introduce yourself:
I have been working at Citi as a quantitative analyst for two years now. I work on data analysis and develop quantitative strategy for our traders and clients. I have a solid understanding in the finance area as well as a strong technical background. Before joining Citi, I finished a master’s degree of financial engineering from Georgia tech.

The project: 
I think the trade data analysis project I am working on is really similar to what I will be doing at google. In trade flow analysis project, we are trying to grab the information from our trade data, like which of our clients are most profitable, what’s the pattern of their trades, how their profitability changes over time. And we try to provide this information to our traders, so for example, if they see a query from a client that is always profitable, then they need to be careful when they quote the price for the clients. While in google, I think I will be responsible in analyzing our revenue data, and look at the drivers of business growth, risks, and opportunities and then partner with the engineering, sales, product teams to get the best results from it just as I need to talk to the traders now. I think they are quite similar in nature. 

Why google?
I think the technology industry is really exciting and I truly believe it’s the driver of the future of our world. Of course, google is a great company and I will be really honored to join it. I see a good fit between me and this role. I believe my experiences and expertise can really bring something new and unique to the job I will be doing. 
And also, for family reasons, I need to move to the bay area. 


Why financial engines?
I really see a great opportunity offered in this role. I get the exposure to the investment management industry and learn from the brilliant minds here. 
I also see a great fit between me and this role: I have been at citi as an investment researcher for two years and I already passed all three levels of CFA. I have a deep understanding of the financial market and a strong technical background. I really believe I can perform well in this role. 
In addition, I have done my internship here and I really like the firm, the culture and everyone here. I become friends with many of my colleagues here. 
Lastly, for family reasons, I need to move to the bay area. 





tell me about yourself, what are you doing at Citi
I have been working at Citi as a quantitative analyst for almost two years and rotated between two desks.
In my current desk, i utilize quantitative models to help credit trading desks to better manage clients request and inventory. I also develop quantitative strategies in corporate bonds and CDS. 

In my previous desk, I focused on options volatility surface fitting, the algorithm improvement, bug fixes and system monitoring to support the equity derivatives trading desks. I also worked on some modeling on equity derivatives like the collateral discount model and Monte Carlo parser script. 

Before joining Citi, I got a master’s degrees in financial engineering and a bachelor’s degree in finance.  In my spared time, I am also taking online courses about machine learning and data analysis to get myself more exposure to that area and better prepared for the future career. 


2.  why do you leave Citi?
I think the opportunity offered at Goldman is more exciting. I get the chance to do solid research that can be applied to money management and see how the professional investment decisions are made while at the same time I can leverage my quantitative skills in the research and decision making. 



3. the projects you have done


Trade Flow Analysis: Analyzed the trade data information for US IG & HY corporate bonds desks and helped them better manage clients request and inventory.
So this is like a data analysis. 
So far, we are answering the following questions: 
which clients are the best performer, i.e. who always sell the rich bonds and buy the cheap bonds
which clients can predict the market trends? i.e
which bonds are most popular among clients and analyze the characteristics of those bonds
Also, use our existing relative value model to see if they are selling the rich bonds and buying the cheap bonds. 



Trading Strategy: Developed and implemented the desk’s corporate bond credit momentum strategy and CDS trading strategy. Both beat the index. 
the basic idea for CDS strategy being, first cut out the CDS that have the highest probability of default and then overweight the CDS that are cheap wrt its PD and underweight the cheap ones while at the same time rebalance between sector and ratings. we had a similar strategy before in corporate bonds. And I modified the strategy to apply it into the CDS index. 
momentum strategy: run the PD against the differences of dates between today and a previous day, if we see the deteriorating credit, then we will underweight that bonds


Model Implementation and Database Infrastructure: Re-implemented the desk’s core models for better efficiency, flexibility and robustness, and reduced the running time from several days to a few hours; Migrated the old database infrastructure to the new one

HPD: borrowing capacity & the firms debt/equity levels in the Merton model 
the firm’s profitability ratio, book value of leverage, and treated long-term and short-term debt differently
and fit a logistic function to calculate the firm’s probability of default 


4. your strength & weaknesses
I am a quick learner. I can always adapt to the new environment and learn new things very quickly. I am also a detail-oriented person to get things done. 
And.. I think the thing I like myself most is, I am a hard-working person and I will never give up my goal. I will always make progress in my life. 

persistent efforts





Questions for her:
can you tell me more about the position?
what kind of person are you looking for?
what do you think is the most challenging part of your work?
do you have any concerns about my qualification or experiences for this role?
what’s the next step?

